do not
hello guys how about the fair of three of
Los Angeles continues to throw news
that will see the light this year and during 2015
if you want to be up to date with the latest
consoles and new titles I advise you
that you do not stop watching this video in the
special information that we showed you
in the middle of the week we talked to you about
the news that the
sony microsoft lluís conferences
it must be said that many are the ones that
they remain with the sensation of lack of
real news since practically
everything has been postponed for the end of
this year and 2015
as we promised you today we are here to
expand information about others
manufacturers like nintendo that for
enjoy your followers presented
both new features opted for the mode of
digital conference that was
retransmitted in streaming leaving
side the traditional format followed by
brands like sony or microsoft
We met the super smash fighting game
bros with new characters and scenarios
and that will challenge the characters
Nintendo classics will be available to
from October 3 for nintendo
3ds
that yes stay tuned to the version for
wii and whose release we still do not know
this console will be responsible for
inaugurate the dolls with nfc that
they also showed up at the event
digital under the name of friend what what
is this because some little dolls that
they incorporate nfc technology in their base
and that will allow to communicate with the
wii command
to activate certain functions
these new dolls will be launched by the
moment with the super smash bros games
for wii and mario kart 8 mario party 10 2
and bull eastbourne and captain top 3 surfing
tracker
the nintendo main course came with the
gameplay of the new game the legend of
zelda for wii liu and that will be
available in 2015 you can say that
Zelda has been one of the protagonists
indisputable between games
presented at e3 we have known that a
half of 2015 will reach mario maker
paraguay although we do not know more
details of its release it is about
a supermario level editor that
will provide the player with all kinds of
options being able to choose between a
modern interface and similar to super
mario you or the classic mode inspired by
the original super mario the games
bayonet 2 and irun warriors will arrive this
year the latter will be officially launched
on September 26 however there will be
to wait for next year to be able to
enjoy the platform game
gods bullish world and kirby and the
rainbow course paraguay like
will go to the market in 2015 proyectual
project well robots and starfox one of the
surprises of the day was es platoon
a new multiplayer shooter in which
Up to 8 players can participate and
whose mission will be to launch jets
of ink on a map
to expand its territory its exit to
market is planned for the first
half of 2015
once seen the news of nintendo
we will talk about the final fantasy game
type ciro that we will have in Spain
for ps4 and xbox one with one version
remastered in high definition a
detail that the publisher has confirmed
kochmedia and to images that could
be its cover on both consoles besides
the followers of dragon ball are of
Congratulations
dragonball if you do not see is the first title
that will be available for the new
generation of consoles although also what
will do for xbox 360 and playstation3
as it announced by Namco Bandai
rumored that in the game they will be
present very fast battles and
transformations in real time as well as
the appearance of a new character
mysterious on the other hand we have known
the first advance of doom thank you sometimes
this software with what we are facing the
return of a large on the other hand the
white version of playstation 4
will be available in the US from 9
September and will be accompanied by the game of
sting and nothing is known about price but
yes we know that you can play the beta
of destination as of July 17
on the web of pc components within the
news section this week
we highlight the xbox one console with disk
500gb and without the kinect device the
smartphone Nokia Lumia 630 free and in
black color or the new terminal bq
5 hd aquarium with 16 gigas of
storage
next week we will be here with
our usual news space
you can be aware of the news
through our social networks blog
and the website www.vocento.com also
you can give us a click in like if you
has liked the video a greeting and that
have a great weekend
ah